Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
A long time ago
in a galaxy far. far away...
The Empire has landed
near the pole of snowy planet Joetz.
putting a Rebel base in danger.
As the Rebels hurriedly begin
preparing to evacuate.
the troop's most eager warrior
sets out on reconnaissance
to investigate the enemy's movements...
Made it to the coastline.
No music while you're doing recon.
And you should slow down.
Your engines are far too loud.
Okay. Tor-Tu?
Remember. Princess.
if you sense any danger. retreat.
Enough with the "Princess."
The kingdom's gone now. Forget it.
We're better off
if we can leave the past behind us.
Hmm.
In that case.
maybe you should upgrade your droid
and get rid of that old royal relic.
Hmph.
Easy. Tor-Tu.
Nobody could make me trade you in.
That droid is one of a kind. you know?
The only astromech that can play my music.
They just don't make 'em
like that anymore.
Besides.
I've had him since I was a kid.
That village.
It must have been destroyed by the Empire.
They have to be close.
It didn't happen long ago.
Understood.
We'll plan to retreat.
Get back here
as soon as you can. Princess.
-Are you sure?
-What's that?
Tor-Tu's picking up a reading
from inside the ruins of the village.
There could be survivors.
I'm going in.
It's too dangerous.
And you can't trust
that piece of junk's old sensors.
I must insist you return...
This is awful.
♪ La. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la. la ♪
-Huh?
-♪ La. la. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la. la ♪
The signal's here.
Be careful. Tor-Tu.
Hmm?
Hmm.
It's a survivor.
Are you hurt. little one?
Hmm.
Oh. wow. these are great.
Did. um... Did you make these yourself?
Oh!
Thought so.
The legends of your kind
talk about birds just like these. huh?
A guardian deity.
I think that's beautiful.
My name is Crane.
and that's Tor-Tu.
What about you? Do you have a name?
Woopas.
Hello. Woopas.
Nice to meet you.
Something scary happened
around here. didn't it?
But. hey. somehow you survived.
You know what that means?
It means there must be a reason
you're still alive.
Why don't you come with me.
Huh?
Are they close?
It's too dangerous to stay here.
Let's go.
Huh?
That's not good.
What was that?
Woopas?
Huh?
Nice work.
Come on.
Tor-Tu. get a move on.
Here we go.
Hmm.
Huh?
That's a mining transport.
What would they be digging for out here?
Oh?
This is no small excavation project.
Admiral. do you read me?
Princess. There you are.
Are you all right?
Tell me you didn't do anything reckless.
I secured a survivor
from the village the Empire destroyed.
and I found something.
I figured out why they came
to this planet in the first place.
They're mining coaxium veins.
Coaxium?
Turns out there's a reserve
right underneath the pole.
They had no idea about our base.
They're here because they wanted
the hyperfuel supply.
Huh? I don't see anything.
Walkers.
AT-ATs. Remember them. Tor-Tu?
I need you to run now. Crane.
I can't.
I don't want to leave you. Mom.
Listen to me.
We're the only ones left here. Go.
You have to live. and grow up
to become who you're meant to be.
Take care of her. Tor-Tu.
Woopas.
There is a reason you're still here.
Same as me.
There's a reason I'm still around. too.
Now. come on. Let's go!
The armor's too strong.
Now what do we do?
Huh?
Uh... Uh...
Ah!
Huh?
Are you telling me you know
how to use thermal detonators?
Okay. Show me what you got!
Nice shot!
That's one down.
Seismic charges!
Tor-Tu. armor mode!
One shot is all we're gonna need. Now!
Huh? The cannons aren't working.
Tor-Tu. what's going on?
Damaged? Tell me you can fix it.
Look out!
Come on. Tor-Tu. just one shot.
Can't you do something?
Uh...
You did it.
Take this!
♪ La. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ Hm. hm. hm. hm ♪
♪ Hm. hm. hm. hm. hm. hm. hm ♪
-♪ Hm. hm. hm. hm ♪
-What's that?
Just an old song.
The kingdom may be long gone.
but it's not forgotten.
Well. you managed to rescue a Gigoran.
although. it's all on its own.
I wouldn't worry about it.
He's one tough kid.
He'll grow up to be even stronger.
If you believe it.
it must be true. Princess.
We may have had to give up
our base on Joetz.
but thanks to you. the Empire lost
-a major source of hyperfuel.
-Hm.
That's quite the military achievement.
Well. I almost didn't pull it off.
My laser cannon was malfunctioning.
They'd have had us
if it hadn't fixed itself.
Huh?
Hmm?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-